# CS - 370

In CS - 370, I learned more about the technology involving Artificial Intelligence and how they work. I've learned about the history and inspirations in which this system was developed, as well as the techniques and methods used to allow the machines to think and respond more like a human. For this course project, we worked on a pirate agent AI to help guide it to the end goal after making it run different episodic tests.

## Pirate Agent

For this project, the environment's setup such as the design of the maze and the import statements were code given to us. The code we had to create ourselves was to make the agent think and find its way to the end goal, given the epochs and weights in the code. We were also given two other files as a means to keep track of how many turns, wins, and losses the agent made in its history. These files we did not modify. As mentioned before, the pirate agent used episodic memories to help it make better decisions along the way. It would recall a random memory and base its next action on its current state and that of what it recalled.

## Computer Scientist's Job
Computer Scientists do a lot of things in their field, from solving problems to creating new solutions. There's much to talking about the job of a Computer Scientist, but I believe for this course it is to try and find new solutions for pre-existing issues in our world. While not many of the topics we learned were issues, AI has come a long way that it could solve many problems for us more accurately than a human, such as driving a vehicle or balancing a board with the cartpole test.

As a computer scientist, I like to approach my problem in increments and logically connect my steps together to work towards a solution. Most of the time this requires me to first recognize what the problem is and what are the patterns I can first solve. Upon developing the program incremently, I can begin to test each functionality with itself until I reach a solution.

There are some ethical responsibilities I was unaware before taking this course, such as ensuring as little bias in the AI as possible, or ensuring the AI treats all kinds of people fairly. To the end user, it is important to communicate the kind of information the AI picks up and explain how it works. As with an earlier part in this project, I had to make a defense statement regarding how information is collected in an AI and how it is used. While neural networks and deep learning are helpful and compromise the big components of how an AI works, we sometimes cannot say how it identifies patterns were give it. The hidden layers, for instance, help commnicate a set pattern for the machine which helps it make a better decision, but we cannot say for sure what that "pattern" really is. It is important to let our end user and organization know what we are giving to the AI, as the data given will have a larger impact on the output instead of the process.
